api/README.md, before:

# RealWorld API Spec

If the backend is about to run on a different host/port than the frontend, make sure to handle `OPTIONS` too and return correct `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` and `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` (e.g. `Content-Type`).

### Authentication Header:

`Authorization: Token jwt.token.here`

## JSON Objects returned by API:

Make sure the right content type like `Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8` is correctly returned.

### Users (for authentication)

```JSON
{
  "user": {
    "email": "jake@jake.jake",
    "token": "jwt.token.here",
    "username": "jake",
    "bio": "I work at statefarm",
    "image": null
  }
}
```

### Profile

```JSON
{
  "profile": {
    "username": "jake",
    "bio": "I work at statefarm",
    "image": "https://static.productionready.io/images/smiley-cyrus.jpg",
    "following": false
  }
}
```

### Single Article

```JSON
{
  "article": {
    "slug": "how-to-train-your-dragon",
    "title": "How to train your dragon",
    "description": "Ever wonder how?",
    "body": "It takes a Jacobian",
    "tagList": ["dragons", "training"],
    "createdAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "updatedAt": "2016-02-18T03:48:35.824Z",
    "favorited": false,
    "favoritesCount": 0,
    "author": {
      "username": "jake",
      "bio": "I work at statefarm",
      "image": "https://i.stack.imgur.com/xHWG8.jpg",
      "following": false
    }
  }
}
```

### Multiple Articles

```JSON
{
  "articles":[{
    "slug": "how-to-train-your-dragon",
    "title": "How to train your dragon",
    "description": "Ever wonder how?",
    "body": "It takes a Jacobian",
    "tagList": ["dragons", "training"],
    "createdAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "updatedAt": "2016-02-18T03:48:35.824Z",
    "favorited": false,
    "favoritesCount": 0,
    "author": {
      "username": "jake",
      "bio": "I work at statefarm",
      "image": "https://i.stack.imgur.com/xHWG8.jpg",
      "following": false
    }
  }, {
    
    "slug": "how-to-train-your-dragon-2",
    "title": "How to train your dragon 2",
    "description": "So toothless",
    "body": "It a dragon",
    "tagList": ["dragons", "training"],
    "createdAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "updatedAt": "2016-02-18T03:48:35.824Z",
    "favorited": false,
    "favoritesCount": 0,
    "author": {
      "username": "jake",
      "bio": "I work at statefarm",
      "image": "https://i.stack.imgur.com/xHWG8.jpg",
      "following": false
    }
  }],
  "articlesCount": 2
}
```

### Single Comment

```JSON
{
  "comment": {
    "id": 1,
    "createdAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "updatedAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "body": "It takes a Jacobian",
    "author": {
      "username": "jake",
      "bio": "I work at statefarm",
      "image": "https://i.stack.imgur.com/xHWG8.jpg",
      "following": false
    }
  }
}
```

### Multiple Comments

```JSON
{
  "comments": [{
    "id": 1,
    "createdAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "updatedAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "body": "It takes a Jacobian",
    "author": {
      "username": "jake",
      "bio": "I work at statefarm",
      "image": "https://i.stack.imgur.com/xHWG8.jpg",
      "following": false
    }
  }]
}
```

### List of Tags

```JSON
{
  "tags": [
    "reactjs",
    "angularjs"
  ]
}
```

### Errors and Status Codes

If a request fails any validations, expect a 422 and errors in the following format:

```JSON
{
  "errors":{
    "body": [
      "can't be empty"
    ]
  }
}
```

#### Other status codes:

401 for Unauthorized requests, when a request requires authentication but it isn't provided

403 for Forbidden requests, when a request may be valid but the user doesn't have permissions to perform the action

404 for Not found requests, when a resource can't be found to fulfill the request


## Endpoints:

### Authentication:

`POST /api/users/login`

Example request body:
```JSON
{
  "user":{
    "email": "jake@jake.jake",
    "password": "jakejake"
  }
}
```

No authentication required, returns a [User](#users-for-authentication)

Required fields: `email`, `password`


### Registration:

`POST /api/users`

Example request body:
```JSON
{
  "user":{
    "username": "Jacob",
    "email": "jake@jake.jake",
    "password": "jakejake"
  }
}
```

No authentication required, returns a [User](#users-for-authentication)

Required fields: `email`, `username`, `password`



### Get Current User

`GET /api/user`

Authentication required, returns a [User](#users-for-authentication) that's the current user



### Update User

`PUT /api/user`

Example request body:
```JSON
{
  "user":{
    "email": "jake@jake.jake",
    "bio": "I like to skateboard",
    "image": "https://i.stack.imgur.com/xHWG8.jpg"
  }
}
```

Authentication required, returns the [User](#users-for-authentication)


Accepted fields: `email`, `username`, `password`, `image`, `bio`



### Get Profile

`GET /api/profiles/:username`

Authentication optional, returns a [Profile](#profile)



### Follow user

`POST /api/profiles/:username/follow`

Authentication required, returns a [Profile](#profile)

No additional parameters required



### Unfollow user

`DELETE /api/profiles/:username/follow`

Authentication required, returns a [Profile](#profile)

No additional parameters required



### List Articles

`GET /api/articles`

Returns most recent articles globally by default, provide `tag`, `author` or `favorited` query parameter to filter results

Query Parameters:

Filter by tag:

`?tag=AngularJS`

Filter by author:

`?author=jake`

Favorited by user:

`?favorited=jake`

Limit number of articles (default is 20):

`?limit=20`

Offset/skip number of articles (default is 0):

`?offset=0`

Authentication optional, will return [multiple articles](#multiple-articles), ordered by most recent first



### Feed Articles

`GET /api/articles/feed`

Can also take `limit` and `offset` query parameters like [List Articles](#list-articles)

Authentication required, will return [multiple articles](#multiple-articles) created by followed users, ordered by most recent first.


### Get Article

`GET /api/articles/:slug`

No authentication required, will return [single article](#single-article)

### Create Article

`POST /api/articles`

Example request body:

```JSON
{
  "article": {
    "title": "How to train your dragon",
    "description": "Ever wonder how?",
    "body": "You have to believe",
    "tagList": ["reactjs", "angularjs", "dragons"]
  }
}
```

Authentication required, will return an [Article](#single-article)

Required fields: `title`, `description`, `body`

Optional fields: `tagList` as an array of Strings



### Update Article

`PUT /api/articles/:slug`

Example request body:

```JSON
{
  "article": {
    "title": "Did you train your dragon?"
  }
}
```

Authentication required, returns the updated [Article](#single-article)

Optional fields: `title`, `description`, `body`

The `slug` also gets updated when the `title` is changed


### Delete Article

`DELETE /api/articles/:slug`

Authentication required



### Add Comments to an Article

`POST /api/articles/:slug/comments`

Example request body:

```JSON
{
  "comment": {
    "body": "His name was my name too."
  }
}
```

Authentication required, returns the created [Comment](#single-comment)

Required field: `body`



### Get Comments from an Article

`GET /api/articles/:slug/comments`

Authentication optional, returns [multiple comments](#multiple-comments)



### Delete Comment

`DELETE /api/articles/:slug/comments/:id`

Authentication required



### Favorite Article

`POST /api/articles/:slug/favorite`

Authentication required, returns the [Article](#single-article)

No additional parameters required



### Unfavorite Article

`DELETE /api/articles/:slug/favorite`

Authentication required, returns the [Article](#single-article)

No additional parameters required



### Get Tags

`GET /api/tags`

No authentication required, returns a [List of Tags](#list-of-tags)

Commit message:

doc how to use the supplied Postman configs

api/README.md, after:

# RealWorld API Spec

## How to use the supplied Postman configuration

First ensure you have `newman` installed, by running `newman -v`. If
that fails, ensure you have a recent NodeJS installed, then:

```
npm install -g newman
```

Then, to run the supplied Postman configuration against the
globally-available server, at `conduit.productionready.io/api`:

```
newman run api/Conduit.postman_collection.json \
  -e api/Conduit.postman_integration_test_environment.json \
  --global-var "EMAIL=joe@what.com" \
  --global-var "PASSWORD=password"
```

The email and password values function at the time of writing. If not,
use the REST API to create your own user, and substitute in the email
and password you used.

Once you have this working, you can point it at your own backend, by
modifying `api/Conduit.postman_environment.json`.

## Considerations for your backend with [CORS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing)

If the backend is about to run on a different host/port than the frontend, make sure to handle `OPTIONS` too and return correct `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` and `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` (e.g. `Content-Type`).

### Authentication Header:

`Authorization: Token jwt.token.here`

## JSON Objects returned by API:

Make sure the right content type like `Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8` is correctly returned.

### Users (for authentication)

```JSON
{
  "user": {
    "email": "jake@jake.jake",
    "token": "jwt.token.here",
    "username": "jake",
    "bio": "I work at statefarm",
    "image": null
  }
}
```

### Profile

```JSON
{
  "profile": {
    "username": "jake",
    "bio": "I work at statefarm",
    "image": "https://static.productionready.io/images/smiley-cyrus.jpg",
    "following": false
  }
}
```

### Single Article

```JSON
{
  "article": {
    "slug": "how-to-train-your-dragon",
    "title": "How to train your dragon",
    "description": "Ever wonder how?",
    "body": "It takes a Jacobian",
    "tagList": ["dragons", "training"],
    "createdAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "updatedAt": "2016-02-18T03:48:35.824Z",
    "favorited": false,
    "favoritesCount": 0,
    "author": {
      "username": "jake",
      "bio": "I work at statefarm",
      "image": "https://i.stack.imgur.com/xHWG8.jpg",
      "following": false
    }
  }
}
```

### Multiple Articles

```JSON
{
  "articles":[{
    "slug": "how-to-train-your-dragon",
    "title": "How to train your dragon",
    "description": "Ever wonder how?",
    "body": "It takes a Jacobian",
    "tagList": ["dragons", "training"],
    "createdAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "updatedAt": "2016-02-18T03:48:35.824Z",
    "favorited": false,
    "favoritesCount": 0,
    "author": {
      "username": "jake",
      "bio": "I work at statefarm",
      "image": "https://i.stack.imgur.com/xHWG8.jpg",
      "following": false
    }
  }, {
    
    "slug": "how-to-train-your-dragon-2",
    "title": "How to train your dragon 2",
    "description": "So toothless",
    "body": "It a dragon",
    "tagList": ["dragons", "training"],
    "createdAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "updatedAt": "2016-02-18T03:48:35.824Z",
    "favorited": false,
    "favoritesCount": 0,
    "author": {
      "username": "jake",
      "bio": "I work at statefarm",
      "image": "https://i.stack.imgur.com/xHWG8.jpg",
      "following": false
    }
  }],
  "articlesCount": 2
}
```

### Single Comment

```JSON
{
  "comment": {
    "id": 1,
    "createdAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "updatedAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "body": "It takes a Jacobian",
    "author": {
      "username": "jake",
      "bio": "I work at statefarm",
      "image": "https://i.stack.imgur.com/xHWG8.jpg",
      "following": false
    }
  }
}
```

### Multiple Comments

```JSON
{
  "comments": [{
    "id": 1,
    "createdAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "updatedAt": "2016-02-18T03:22:56.637Z",
    "body": "It takes a Jacobian",
    "author": {
      "username": "jake",
      "bio": "I work at statefarm",
      "image": "https://i.stack.imgur.com/xHWG8.jpg",
      "following": false
    }
  }]
}
```

### List of Tags

```JSON
{
  "tags": [
    "reactjs",
    "angularjs"
  ]
}
```

### Errors and Status Codes

If a request fails any validations, expect a 422 and errors in the following format:

```JSON
{
  "errors":{
    "body": [
      "can't be empty"
    ]
  }
}
```

#### Other status codes:

401 for Unauthorized requests, when a request requires authentication but it isn't provided

403 for Forbidden requests, when a request may be valid but the user doesn't have permissions to perform the action

404 for Not found requests, when a resource can't be found to fulfill the request


## Endpoints:

### Authentication:

`POST /api/users/login`

Example request body:
```JSON
{
  "user":{
    "email": "jake@jake.jake",
    "password": "jakejake"
  }
}
```

No authentication required, returns a [User](#users-for-authentication)

Required fields: `email`, `password`


### Registration:

`POST /api/users`

Example request body:
```JSON
{
  "user":{
    "username": "Jacob",
    "email": "jake@jake.jake",
    "password": "jakejake"
  }
}
```

No authentication required, returns a [User](#users-for-authentication)

Required fields: `email`, `username`, `password`



### Get Current User

`GET /api/user`

Authentication required, returns a [User](#users-for-authentication) that's the current user



### Update User

`PUT /api/user`

Example request body:
```JSON
{
  "user":{
    "email": "jake@jake.jake",
    "bio": "I like to skateboard",
    "image": "https://i.stack.imgur.com/xHWG8.jpg"
  }
}
```

Authentication required, returns the [User](#users-for-authentication)


Accepted fields: `email`, `username`, `password`, `image`, `bio`



### Get Profile

`GET /api/profiles/:username`

Authentication optional, returns a [Profile](#profile)



### Follow user

`POST /api/profiles/:username/follow`

Authentication required, returns a [Profile](#profile)

No additional parameters required



### Unfollow user

`DELETE /api/profiles/:username/follow`

Authentication required, returns a [Profile](#profile)

No additional parameters required



### List Articles

`GET /api/articles`

Returns most recent articles globally by default, provide `tag`, `author` or `favorited` query parameter to filter results

Query Parameters:

Filter by tag:

`?tag=AngularJS`

Filter by author:

`?author=jake`

Favorited by user:

`?favorited=jake`

Limit number of articles (default is 20):

`?limit=20`

Offset/skip number of articles (default is 0):

`?offset=0`

Authentication optional, will return [multiple articles](#multiple-articles), ordered by most recent first



### Feed Articles

`GET /api/articles/feed`

Can also take `limit` and `offset` query parameters like [List Articles](#list-articles)

Authentication required, will return [multiple articles](#multiple-articles) created by followed users, ordered by most recent first.


### Get Article

`GET /api/articles/:slug`

No authentication required, will return [single article](#single-article)

### Create Article

`POST /api/articles`

Example request body:

```JSON
{
  "article": {
    "title": "How to train your dragon",
    "description": "Ever wonder how?",
    "body": "You have to believe",
    "tagList": ["reactjs", "angularjs", "dragons"]
  }
}
```

Authentication required, will return an [Article](#single-article)

Required fields: `title`, `description`, `body`

Optional fields: `tagList` as an array of Strings



### Update Article

`PUT /api/articles/:slug`

Example request body:

```JSON
{
  "article": {
    "title": "Did you train your dragon?"
  }
}
```

Authentication required, returns the updated [Article](#single-article)

Optional fields: `title`, `description`, `body`

The `slug` also gets updated when the `title` is changed


### Delete Article

`DELETE /api/articles/:slug`

Authentication required



### Add Comments to an Article

`POST /api/articles/:slug/comments`

Example request body:

```JSON
{
  "comment": {
    "body": "His name was my name too."
  }
}
```

Authentication required, returns the created [Comment](#single-comment)

Required field: `body`



### Get Comments from an Article

`GET /api/articles/:slug/comments`

Authentication optional, returns [multiple comments](#multiple-comments)



### Delete Comment

`DELETE /api/articles/:slug/comments/:id`

Authentication required



### Favorite Article

`POST /api/articles/:slug/favorite`

Authentication required, returns the [Article](#single-article)

No additional parameters required



### Unfavorite Article

`DELETE /api/articles/:slug/favorite`

Authentication required, returns the [Article](#single-article)

No additional parameters required



### Get Tags

`GET /api/tags`

No authentication required, returns a [List of Tags](#list-of-tags)
